Updates to Service Invocation and State Management (#822)
dapr/docs: howto/invoke-and-discover-services/README.md

myApp.production
```

> For example to invoke the example python service with a namespace would be;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, invoking the example python service with a namespace would be;
```
